wait is that that idea you got this
video was supposed to turn this was
supposed to be a nice helicopter ride
with Matt and these guys all right so
since Lamar and Darren have both gone on
helicopter rides before
[Music]
Thomas and I decided that we'd go on one
too so we hit up a friend here so did
your parents ever teach you to knock
talk to strangers and he's gonna take us
up in the air and this time we're gonna
go with two big British youtubers
they're gonna join us and they're gonna
be no doors on this helicopter we might
die those it'll be murder stillness
boxers every day still has no pants on
good there's the reason we work out of
our house we have finally made it to the
airport so York just landed
I think it's time to go he's out here
right now you're not are you ready for a
first tele right over all right we're
ready
you don't hear anything so everybody
talking oh so you're just a my
technically your co-pilot absolutely so
if I like passed out you grab this
little thing here and pray I'll just
wobble Wow I've never even sat in a
helicopter another I have you got been
on the helicopter yeah
[Music]
you
so the girl that just got on a
helicopter
her name is valet and she's a big
Instagrammer and t-boogie is just madly
in love with her
[Music]
so i'm gonna film this hilarious
attorney I'm not I'm not scared I'm not
like doing my pants meeting how's my
hair though am I gonna be able to say hi
I'm gonna do you have to say hey say hey
she is my your future wife I'm like so
scared right now my heart is racing push
those lest buildup smashes like I'm
gonna see your KY nice helicopter ride
Matt and these guys Thomas right here is
in love with buddy the girl you just
sleep oh yeah yeah no no no this day was
supposed to go like she's coming
goddammit like so scary they were
supposed to go hi Sebastian introduce
you guys real quick this is yes very
they're my clients and my friends um
here's your story nice to meet you
don't make your photographer yeah you
know well I said hi so that's fine it's
fine
titty you just showed me the draft of
that be said Thomas went out surfing he
has no idea that we are going to be
tampering with the edit is that is it
yeah so we thought it would be hilarious
if somehow we could lend Thomas a date
by having you guys through this video at
valet and who knows maybe she'll notice
stomps and I will see you on Sunday with
an episode where we visited the
creepiest event in town in America
[Music]